# Dependencies between interfaces

For example, if the login interface hangs, the interface that needs to be logged in cannot be called. For a certain iteration, the front-end needs to be modified and the login interface has nothing to do with it, only the UI is changed. There is no corresponding background development, and the login interface may be It's other project teams that are maintaining it, or other iterations are just changing this piece.

Although there are multiple environments that can be deployed on the back-end interface during work, which environment is often used requires multiple confirmations, which undoubtedly increases uncertainty.

# interface returns data

The front-end displays the data returned by the background in a table. For one of the data, there are three operations: delete, copy the link, and edit, and whether the user can click the button depends on status(0,1,2) and level(1,2,3) , 4, 5) For these two fields, if you expect the backend to comprehensively return different status data, this will undoubtedly increase the difficulty of self-testing.

Sometimes it is some ui display, such as interception when there is too much content, ellipsis when the title is too long, etc.

And for some scenarios, the cost of returning the corresponding data from the backend is too high, for example, some states will disappear soon, or require a tedious process to create them.

# Unreasonable joint debugging

Relying on the real interface for development, the front end is passive when writing code, waiting for the interface implementation to finish writing the code, there will be operations to help the background test the interface, and this part is not like bugs that have a special place to record, the quality is It's hard to say, it's common to face meaningless communication and wasted time.

A form calls the submission interface to report an error. I report it to the background, and the background asks me to click a few more times to solve the problem. I remember that for this scenario, I also specially attached to the Chrome browser to find a time-saving way (https://b23 .tv/UmAfzc), it is more troublesome for some process operations.

# Summarize

It is true that relying on the development of the real interface ensures the quality of the test, but in the process, the front end spends unnecessary time and assumes too many responsibilities. The pain is that the initiative to optimize the process and improve the experience is in the hands of others .

Blacksmithing also needs to be hard on its own. At this time, the front-end has its own mock environment, which can essentially solve most of the problems.