# The relationship between front-end and back-end

The interface document is the link between the front end and the back end.

What the front-end cares about is the interface signature, that is, the parameter transfer and return format. The realization of the function does not need to rely on the call of the real interface, and both parties develop their own according to the document.

For example, I call the publish interface, the parameters are correct, and the interface has a problem in implementing the function. Although it is displayed in the front end, this responsibility should be taken by the corresponding back end.

# Implementation of mock environment

Step 1: Use node to write a mock server and deploy it on your computer. If the computer can write code, it can start normally. It mainly parses the request and returns the specified data format, which is very secure.

For example, when it comes to role issues, we will directly return the data of a super administrator, and we don’t need to care about the username and password. We just change some UI. Do we need a real login? No need, very convenient.

Step 2: Connecting the node server directly on the project will have cross-domain problems. Although it can be solved uniformly in the mock server, an options request will be generated, which will be processed through webpack, which will involve restarting, which is very troublesome.

Therefore, nginx is used for proxy forwarding, ordinary requests go to the project address, and api requests go to the mock server to achieve zero intrusion on the code.

Step 3: The server is an independent project, which avoids repeated configuration and reduces integration and deployment problems.

# Responsibilities of front end in iteration

The mock server cannot replace the real interface call, such as deleting a piece of data in the list. In the real interface call, multiple interface changes may be involved. If you want to implement these logics in the mock server, it will undoubtedly increase the cost. We It is not expected that the data will be deleted. After all, this data contains other test logic, and the two are indeed contradictory.

Although the front-end joint debugging is that the front-end is testing the interface, after using the mock environment, the data is mostly static, which requires adjustments in the self-testing scheme, and it will appear lame in some scenarios, but this can improve our understanding of the code. The pros outweigh the cons.

The effect of the mock environment is also reflected in the implementation of team specifications. For example, the back-end changes the interface format frequently, or the same function is implemented differently in different back-ends, and the solution is not clear, so the real interface is not called and expected. The behavior will be very different, and it is not good to guarantee the quality of the test, because the use of the mock environment will not report an error.

In response to the above problems, you must firmly believe that whoever has the problem will bear the responsibility. For the first time you contact a project, cooperate with a back-end person for the first time, get familiar with each other through joint debugging, and give positive feedback when you encounter problems, don’t always endure it silently. unreasonable stuff. Then gradually reduce the time spent on joint debugging, and you will find that when everyone is standardized, it is very handy to do things.

At this time, what the front-end needs to do is to provide the interface to facilitate the back-end to test the code written by itself.